So I've downloaded the latest WildFly application
server and extracted into a folder.
Now I'm doing this in on the Linux Mint operating system,
but if you're using a form of Windows, then there will be an equivalent.
bat file that you can use in place of the.
sh files used on Linux.
Now the typical installation of WildFly doesn't actually
enable the JMS feature by default, so we need to change that.
It's pretty simple.
Firstly I cd into the BIN directory.
Actually before I go any further further,
if this is the first time you've installed or used WildFly,
you need to create an admin user account.
To do this, we used the add-user.
sh script.
You'll be prompted to select an account type,
and I'm going to use a for a management user.
You then enter a username and a password of your choosing.
It will then ask for what groups you want the user to belong to,
in our simple example, we simply hit Enter,
which means none.
The script then prompts for a confirmation that you want to create this user,
which we obviously do.
It will ask you if you're going to be using this user for
connecting to application server processes,
which we aren't, so I enter no.
Okay, back onto the main topic of starting WildFly with JMS enabled.
Typically you would run the standalone.
sh here, but in our case, we need an additional parameter,
which tells WildFly to enable all services.
For that, I use the standalone.
sh --server-config=standalone-full. xml, and that starts the application server up with JMS enabled.